
--- PAGE 1 ---
  Benefit Investigation, Prior Authorization Support, and Pharmacy Coordination (Please check “On-Site 
Dispense” in Section 5 if the prescription will be filled at an in-office pharmacy)
	
  Co-Pay Support (Note: You may also visit www.calquencesavings.com for direct enrollment into the CALQUENCE 
Patient Savings Program) (Eligibility rules apply)
  Appeals Support (Please attach a copy of the denial letter)
  Medicare/Medicaid/Tricare
  No insurance
  Commercial/Private Insurance
Please complete form, 
sign, and fax all pages 
to 1-844-329-2360.
For questions or 
assistance, please call 
Access 360, Monday 
through Friday, 8 AM – 
6 PM at 1-844-275-2360.
1
Patient Information   
First Name:                                                                                                    Last Name:                                                                                                      Patient DOB:             /                /               Gender:  
  M  
  F
Street:                                                                                                                                                             City:                                                                                              State:                                    ZIP:                                              
Preferred Phone #:  
  Home  
  Mobile                                                                                                         Patient Email:                                                                                                                                                       
Alternate Contact Name:                                                                                                                                                                        Relationship to Patient:                                                                                                       
Alternate Contact Phone #:                                                                                                    Patient preferred language (if other than English):                                                                                                   
Okay to contact patient?  
  Yes  
  No     Okay to leave a detailed voicemail?  
  Yes  
  No
AstraZeneca Access 360™ Enrollment Form
2
Insurance Information
Please include front and back copies of all medical and pharmacy cards or complete this section.
Pharmacy Insurance
Primary Medical Insurance
Secondary Medical Insurance
Insurance Provider
Insurance Phone #
Cardholder Name (if not the patient)
Cardholder DOB
Policy #
Group #
BIN/PCN
 X
 X
1
Please complete form, sign, and fax all pages to 1-844-329-2360.
By signing this form, I certify that (1) I have received the necessary authorization to release the information included on this form and other related Protected 
Health Information (as defined by HIPAA) to AstraZeneca Access 360 including employees, contractors, or affiliates of AstraZeneca, and health care plans  
for programs, dispensing pharmacy(ies) or other entities for the purposes of treatment and payment support, and (2) I have obtained any necessary authorization 
to allow AstraZeneca Access 360 to contact the patient or caregiver, if not included with this submission to obtain a signed Patient Authorization.
HCP Name:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
HCP Signature:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Date:                                                                                       
Services Requested 
(check only those 
that apply)
To enroll in AZ&Me™ (Patient Assistance Program), visit www.azandmeapp.com. (Eligibility rules apply)
Patient Authorization
I have read and agree to the Patient Authorization included on page 2
                                                                                                                                  /                    /                   
Patient Signature/Legal Representative       MM           DD          YYYY
                                                                                                                                                                            
Printed Name/Relationship to Patient (if applicable)
Support Programs (Savings Program and Additional Services)
I have read and agree to the Support Programs Authorization included on page 2
                                                                                                                                                 /                    /                   
Patient Signature/Legal Representative                MM           DD          YYYY
                                                                                                                                                                                            
Printed Name/Relationship to Patient (if applicable)

--- PAGE 2 ---
Please complete form, sign, and fax all pages to 1-844-329-2360.
2
Patient Authorization
I authorize my health care providers (HCPs) and staff, my health plan, and my pharmacies to use and 
share Protected Health Information (my “Information”) with AstraZeneca (including AstraZeneca Access 
360) and its affiliates, as well as its contractors (“AstraZeneca”). My Information includes my prescription-
related health records, Information about my health care plan benefits, demographic, contact, and any 
other Information bearing on my health. My Information may be used to verify treatment and payment 
decisions with my HCPs; investigate and assist with coordination of coverage for AstraZeneca products; 
coordinate prescription fulfillment and financial assistance; coordinate educational nursing support; 
and perform internal analysis at AstraZeneca to better meet patient needs. I understand and agree 
that AstraZeneca may contact me by mail, email, telephone, and text. I understand that federal privacy 
laws may not protect my Information once it is disclosed; however, AstraZeneca agrees to protect my 
Information by using and disclosing it only for purposes specified. I understand that I can refuse to 
sign this Authorization and that this will not affect my treatment or payment for treatment, insurance 
coverage, or eligibility for benefits. However, if I do not sign this Authorization, I will not be able to receive 
AstraZeneca Access 360 support. I understand that I may cancel this Authorization at any time by calling 
1-800-236-9933 or by mailing a letter requesting such cancellation to AstraZeneca Access 360 at One 
MedImmune Way, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. I understand that any such cancellation will not apply to any 
Information already used or disclosed based on this Authorization prior to their receipt of the cancellation. 
This authorization expires two (2) years from the date signed, unless a shorter period is required by  
state law.
AstraZeneca Access 360™ Enrollment Form
Support Programs Authorization
By providing consent, I understand that I may receive ongoing information and support related to my 
condition which includes, but is not limited to, providing me with educational and promotional materials, 
information, special offers, and services related to my medical condition or therapy, as well as for market 
research purposes which includes contacting me to participate in focus groups, surveys or interviews. 
This may include AstraZeneca or a third party working on AstraZeneca’s behalf contacting me by mail, 
telephone, email and/or text message regarding AstraZeneca support programs that may be of interest to 
me. I consent to receive marketing and non-marketing calls and texts from and on behalf of AstraZeneca, 
made with an auto-dialer or prerecorded voice, at the phone number(s) provided. Message and data rates 
may apply. My Information may also be used to perform internal analysis at AstraZeneca. I understand 
that I can refuse to provide this Authorization and that this will not affect my treatment or payment for 
treatment, insurance coverage, or eligibility for benefits. I understand that my consent is not required  
or a condition of purchase.  I understand that I may cancel this Authorization at any time by calling  
1-800-236-9933 or by mailing a letter requesting such cancellation to AstraZeneca Access 360 at One 
MedImmune Way, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. Information provided by AstraZeneca does not take the place 
of talking to your health care provider about your treatment or condition. AstraZeneca will not knowingly 
collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information from a minor under the age of 18. If you are 
under the age of 18, please have your parent, guardian, or healthcare provider request the information on 
your behalf. Please visit www.globalprivacy.astrazeneca.com to review our Privacy Notice.

--- PAGE 3 ---
    Optional: Free Limited Supply (FLS) Request
Free Limited Supply is available for eligible patients who face a delay in approval  
by their insurance company for CALQUENCE
CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib)
100-mg tablets    Quantity:                                                                           
Dose instructions:                                                                                             
Patient First Name:                                                                                                                                                                                           
Patient Last Name:                                                                                                                                                                                        Patient DOB:                     /                   /                                         
AstraZeneca Access 360™ Enrollment Form
I authorize Access 360 program to convey the attached prescription on my behalf to the pharmacy chosen above and to receive information on the status and 
related matters. By signing below, I certify that the medicine prescribed on this form is medically necessary based on my independent medical judgment, and 
I have received the necessary authorization to release the information included on this form and other Protected Health Information (as defined by HIPAA) to 
Access 360, the dispensing pharmacy, or other contractors for the purpose of seeking reimbursement or assisting in initiating or continuing therapy. Each 
practitioner is solely responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the information submitted.
CALQUENCE is a registered trademark and AstraZeneca Access 360 and AZ&Me are trademarks of the AstraZeneca group of companies.
©2023 AstraZeneca.  All rights reserved.    US-76500    Last Updated 5/23
CALQUENCE® (acalabrutinib)
100-mg tablets    Quantity:                                                                                
Refills:                                                                                    
Dose instructions:                                                                                                 
Acquisition Information (Choose One)
Specialty Pharmacy Provider (SPP) (Please select preferred SPP and complete prescription below)
5
3
4
Provider Information   Prescriber Name:                                                                                                                         Specialty:                                                                                                                                  
Practice Name:                                                                                                                                                                           Office Contact Name:                                                                                                                                 
Street:                                                                                                                                                              City:                                                                                               State:                                    ZIP:                                              
Phone #:                                                                                    Fax #:                                                                                      Email:                                                                                                                                                                     
Prescriber NPI #:                                                                                                                                                                    Tax ID #:                                                                                                                                                                   
PTAN:                                           Other Provider ID (if applicable):                                                                                                Alternate Office Contact Name:                                                                                                  
Alternate Office Contact Phone #:                                                                                                                Alternate Office Contact Email:                                                                                                                                  
Clinical Information
Diagnosis     ICD-10-CM code(s):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                           Description:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
On-Site Dispense (Prescription information does not need to be completed)
3
1-844-ASK-A360 (1-844-275-2360) 
1-844-FAX-A360 (1-844-329-2360)
Access360@AstraZeneca.com 
www.MyAccess360.com
One MedImmune Way, Gaithersburg, MD 20878
Once completed and signed, fax this form to 1-844-329-2360. You may need to provide additional information depending on the type of support requested.
Prescriber Name:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Prescriber Signature:                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Date:                                                                                       
Specialty Pharmacy Provider (SPP)
    BIOLOGICS       ONCO360       No Preference*
*If you have questions about in-network SPP(s) for your patient, contact Access 360 at 1-844-275-2360. By choosing “No Preference,” the SPP will be chosen based on the 
results of a Benefit Investigation.
